KARA: When I was a child,
my planet Krypton was dying.
I was sent to Earth
to protect my cousin.
But my pod got
knocked off-course
and by the time I got here,
my cousin
had already grown up
and become Superman.
I hid who I really was
until one day
when an accident forced me
to reveal myself to the world.
To most people, I'm a reporter
at CatCo Worldwide Media.
But in secret, I work with my
adoptive sister for the DEO
to protect my city
from alien life
and anyone else
that means to cause it harm.
I am Supergirl.
KARA:
Previously on Supergirl...
My whole life,
I've been a sidekick.
Watching my dad's camera
be destroyed
reminded me of something.
He gave his life
protecting this country.
And if I do this,
I can honor him.
MON-EL: Mother?
Father?
My son.
To new friends!
The portal would help
your planet immensely
and it would help me
get home to mine.
Ready to
change the world?
You have no idea.
-(SCREAMS)
-What's the hurry?
(SCREAMING)
No!
(GROANS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Are you okay?
Stay back!
I'm here to help.
Don't hurt me!
WINN: James?
Police are
on their way, buddy.
You good?
James?
Let's call it a night.
Okay. I mean,
I love him. I do.
I... I love him. But come on.
JT has got to be the only one
holding up
the reunion right now.
Oh, obviously.
Here, but let me
ask you this, right?
Would you rather
have an NSync reunion
or JT and Britney
back together?
-Ugh! My OTP.
-(CHUCKLES)
That's an impossible
question to answer,
and you are cruel for asking.
Yeah. Well, you know,
sometimes my Luthor genes
just shine through.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Thanks for catching
lunch with me.
Yeah. Well, since
I canceled on you
the last three times
and you said
you couldn't get away,
I figured you were worth
the extra effort.
Yeah, what's
keeping you so busy?
It's top secret.
Intriguing.
As soon as I can tell
anyone anything,
you will get an exclusive.
I'm working
with a new partner.
-KARA: Mmm.
-Yeah, she's...
She's fantastic.
It's... It's like having
a mentor, you know?
You'll...
You'll love her. Promise.
You got to
give me something.
I have to have something
to look forward to.
Okay. Something
What do you know
about quantum entanglement?
-"Quantum" wh...
-Polyatomic anions?
(LAUGHS)
Well, when you see
what we're doing with them,
-it will blow you away.
-I can't wait.
-(LAUGHS)
-(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Oh.
Actually, this is...
This is her.
I'm gonna have to go,
'cause we're doing
our first test today.
Oh, it was so good to see you.
-Next time, lunch is on me.
-Okay. Cool.
Bye.
(INHALES) Hmm.
JAMES:
Thanks, brother.
Hey, hey! Look who it is.
You know what?
I love these falafels.
Do you?
Because they are,
like, the best in the city.
I gotta say.
Yeah, they are
the best in the city.
You know that
because I told you
about this falafel stand.
Oh, yes.
Yes, you did.
And I'm totally
stalking you
because, dude,
what happened?
Last night you were just...
You were just, like,
one and done.
That's not like you.
In all honestly,
that woman was more afraid
of Guardian than she was
of her attackers.
That can't be true.
No, dude, you didn't
see her.
I'm sure she was in shock.
Yeah, but it's...
It's bigger than that.
It's... It's happening a lot.
So, people see this big guy
in this scary mask
and they freak out,
they run away.
-Just like Clark's friend.
-Oh, you mean...
I feel like they're
more frenemies.
You know what I mean.
It's just that
Guardian is not...
He's not this beacon of hope
that I thought he would be.
I mean, basically,
all I'm doing is
beating people up.
Whoa, dude, we are...
We are doing
a lot of good here.
We...
We're making a difference.
I mean, Supergirl, Superman,
they're making a difference.
They're changing
hearts and minds.
They inspire people.
Guardian inspires fear.
Ma'am?
Oh, is that an earthquake?
Ma'am, stop
what you're doing.
Everybody get out of here!
Go! Go, go, go, go!
Get out of here!
Get out of here! Go!
This is Agent Schott.
We have a hostile telekinetic
in Simmons Square.
Let's go!
Get out of here!
(ALL SCREAMING)
Watch out!
Move! Move, move, move! Move!
(ALL CHEERING)
Hey, where'd the alien go?
She's gone.
I don't know.
REPORTER: (ON TV)
Authorities are investigating
a targeted alien
terrorist attack
that occurred earlier today.
Law enforcement has no leads
on the identity
of the alien or motive,
but tensions are on the rise
as fear of another
attack...
If the news
keeps stirring up fear,
there's gonna be a witch hunt
for whoever this alien is.
Things could
get out of hand very fast.
Okay. So, we figured out
what kind of alien she is.
-She's a Phorian.
-ALEX: A what?
I never realized
any had taken
refuge here on Earth.
Historically,
they're a peaceful
race of aliens.
Today, not so peaceful.
Thank God Supergirl was there.
Hundreds could've been hurt.
Normally, their telekinetic
powers are benign.
I've never heard of a Phorian
doing so much damage.
And they're also telepathic
like Martians.
They are connected
through their thoughts.
Do you think
more of them will attack?
For now, let's just treat
this as a lone-wolf situation.
So, how do we find her?
Supergirl and Mon-El are out
surveying the city
to see if they can
come up with anything.
I'd be happy to help.
I can get out there
and see if there's any leads.
Mr. Olsen,
you've been very helpful.
This is a DEO matter.
We'll let you know
if we need
Guardian's skill set,
-but for now...
-I got it.
Today was just
our first test.
You can't expect it
to be perfect
on the first attempt.
I quadruple checked
my calculations on this, okay?
The reaction
of the polyatomic anions
was supposed to be
strong enough to spark
the core of the generator.
Neither of us
has gotten to where we are
without persistence.
If I can't make this work,
we won't be able to power
the portal
that we're building.
This was supposed to
revolutionize the way
everything was transported,
eliminate famine,
the need for fossil fuels.
I wanted to help my planet.
And get you home to yours.
And you will.
You're making
advancements in science
that most people on Earth
could not even dream of.
No one said it would be easy.
What if I can't
make it work?
get you home?
I have confidence
in you, Lena.
I am going
to the test facility
to check the progress
of the portal.
I know you don't
believe it yet,
but you're going
to make this work.
Wh... Dude!
MAN: That'll be 20.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Where do you people
come from?
(SOBS)
Please, don't shoot me.
Come on, it's just
a little bag of weed.
It's for my anxiety.
I was kidnapped recently
and I'm very, very tense.
Wait! You know the attack
on Simmons Square?
Yeah. What about it?
That woman.
The one with
all the crazy powers?
Everyone's
looking for her, right?
I know where she lives.
(DOOR CREAKS)
Wait!
It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
It's all right, see?
We've been in here
a long time.
You must be hungry.
(SIGHS)
Mmm. This
is a really good burger.
Okay.
I know you don't
wanna be here with me.
I'm just trying to
help you, Marcus.
I'm trying to help you
and your mom.
I promise you that.
But the authorities
are after her
because she did
a bad thing.
And if you help us find her,
then we can protect her
from doing something bad
to somebody else.
So do you have any idea
where she could be?
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
Maybe she should give him,
like, some action figures.
Right?
Like, if somebody
had given me
action figures
when they interrogated me
about my dad
when I was 10,
like, I would...
I would've sung
like a canary.
I'm just saying.
This kid
is completely shut down.
And pulling him into
an interrogation room
like some criminal
off the street,
I don't think
is the best way
to get him to open up.
So, you're not only
a masked vigilante
and a photographer,
you're also
a child psychologist now.
I'm just saying this kid's
life has been upended badly.
Okay, first,
he's a refugee.
Then his mom
ends up missing.
And if he's turned on
the TV at all since yesterday,
all he's seen are adults
yelling about her,
calling for blood.
I wouldn't trust
anybody either,
if I was this kid.
James is right.
I've been in there for hours,
and all he does
is just stare at the camera.
He's looking at you.
(LAUGHS)
At... At me?
Through a wall, Alex?
He's an alien with telekinetic
and telepathic powers.
Hey, look at that.
It's like the...
The... The Mona Lisa.
You said that he
connected with you.
He thought
the Guardian
was a monster,
and then I
took my helmet off,
and I guess he saw someone
who looked like him.
He identified
with you, James.
Are you saying you want
Mr. Olsen to question the boy?
Well, Marcus
doesn't trust me.
Okay? But he
could trust James.
I mean, out of here.
In a more
conducive environment.
We have to find his mother
before she attacks again.
If I can help this kid,
I'd like to.
All right.
Take the day,
see if you can find out
where the boy's mother is.
We'll check in
with you later.
Hey...
You'll be good with him.
(WINN WHISTLING)
-Hey, buddy.
-Hey!
Uh...
Hey, scanning is a thing
you, like...
You do here, right?
Yes.
Yes. Here at the DEO,
we scan for many things.
Mmm-hmm.
So, you could, like...
You could, like,
press a button
and it would scan
the Earth's orbit for,
like, my parents' ship.
I certainly could,
but I already did that
when they led us
back to Earth.
I tracked their progress
as they went out
of Earth's atmosphere
and flew away to Daxam.
Bye-bye.
Can you show me
how you did that?
Yeah.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
See? Look.
It's a bunch of satellites.
-The skies are clear.
-Yeah. Good.
That's...
That's what I thought.
It's good.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Still isn't working?
Was it me throwing
it down in disgust
or the sparks
that gave it away?
Can you give us a minute?
Failure is a part
of the process, Lena.
I told you
this was going to take time.
It's not about time.
I'm just not getting it.
You know, maybe
we should pay a visit
to Stryker Island.
Get Lex Luthor to come in
and save the day.
You think he could
get this working?
Lex was the genius
who was supposed to
save the world.
You know, I...
I just thought
if I could make this work,
I would prove to the world
and to my mother
that I was as good as
the golden boy.
I think most of all,
I just wanted
to prove it to myself.
You don't have to
prove anything.
-You're smarter than Lex.
-(LAUGHS)
No. I'm not saying that
to make you feel better.
I'm saying it as a scientist.
As someone who knows.
But you need to stop trying to
think like your brother.
From what you've
told me about Lex,
he's a man
who's concerned with power.
And that's how you've been
trying to fix this.
Give it more power,
you think it will work.
Yeah, but it just
keeps blowing.
But you're not a person
who's consumed with power.
Are you?
So, if you weren't
trying to do
what Lex would do,
what would you do?
I'd try to find a way
to increase the anion input
without overloading
the energy output.
All while maintaining
the element synthesis rate
at a constant.
Not power.
Balance.
(SIGHS)
All right,
just sit right there, buddy.
-James.
-JAMES: Hey!
Marcus,
this is my friend Kara.
She's a reporter
here at CatCo.
Hi, Marcus.
How are you doing?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
-How are you doing?
-I'm good.
This is...
This is good.
Good.
Bye, Marcus.
Eve, would you mind
clearing my afternoon?
Absolutely, Mr. Olsen.
And who do we have here?
We have here...
My... My nephew.
Marcus.
Is there anything I could
get for you or your nephew?
Yeah. You know what?
Um, actually...
A couple of milkshakes
and some curly fries
from Noonan's
would be great.
-Sure thing.
-JAMES: Thank you.
You're gonna love
the curly fries.
Have you
ever had curly fries?
You're...
You're gonna love them.
This way.
Have you ever seen
one of those before?
Take these two knobs
and you try to get
this metal ball from
one side to the other.
-(BALL CLATTERS)
-JAMES: Argh!
You wanna try?
(WHOOSHING)
Okay.
Well, I guess that's
one way of doing it.
That's the same model
that Spider Martin used
to document
the Civil Rights Movement.
You know what
the Civil Rights Movement is?
Never mind.
Anyway, I... (SIGHS)
I bought this with my
first paycheck I got
from selling a photo.
Here.
Oh. Here, try that.
(CHUCKLES)
Cool, right?
That one?
Yeah, I've, uh...
I've had this one forever.
My dad got it for me.
It's the one that inspired me
to be a photographer
in the first place.
He gave it to me
right before he passed away.
He was a soldier.
My father was a soldier, too.
Marcus, where is your father?
He died when we were
escaping our planet.
I'm really sorry
to hear that.
I know how that can be.
It can be beyond hard.
Hey!
-Did we have a date?
-No, no, no, no.
No, I just thought
I'd surprise you.
We've got egg rolls
and pot stickers,
-shumai.
-Oh!
It's a veritable
poo poo platter.
-Whoo-hoo!
-I love saying that.
-"Poo poo platter." Sorry.
-(LAUGHS)
Did you rip the seat
off the toilet
in my loft again
and now you're just bringing
Chinese food
so you don't get in trouble?
That was once.
-That was one time.
-Mmm-hmm.
And in my defense,
you can be pretty scary
when it comes to enforcing
bathroom etiquette.
(CHUCKLES)
No. I, um...
(SIGHS) I thought I saw
my mother last night.
I didn't. Don't worry.
I went and checked,
and my parents' ship
definitely had left for Daxam
a few weeks ago.
But thinking
I saw her, it...
I thought it would
make me feel anger.
But I felt, um...
Other... Other stuff...
I just... I hate... I hate
that I still care about her.
Hey, we can't will ourselves
to not feel anything.
Life doesn't work like that.
On Daxam, that's
exactly what we'd do.
We'd drug ourselves,
so we literally
didn't feel anything.
You're allowed to miss her.
She is your mother.
Well, she's gone forever.
So...
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
If my mother had given me
pep talks like you,
imagine the things
I could've done.
I'm happy to have mused you.
But trust me,
it isn't always easy
being the parent
we aspire to be.
Shall we test it again?
Let me just plug
in the algorithm
and fire it up.
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
All right,
so what you wanna do is
twist that and lock it in.
There you go.
You're a natural.
Can I take a picture of you?
Of course.
My mother would never hurt
anybody on purpose.
Do you know where she is?
EVE: Hey, hey!
Hey, um...
Marcus, give me one second.
Here goes nothin'.
(WHIRRING)
You didn't say
what flavor for your nephew.
So, I got
chocolate and vanilla.
JAMES: I'm sure it'll be fine.
EVE: Okay.
(SCREAMS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
What is your nephew doing?
Marcus.
(EVE SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS)
Marcus!
James!
Someone help!
LENA: Power is running
smoothly to the core.
Anions are reacting
at a steady rate.
Go!
Come on! Go, go, go!
Go! Get out of here!
Come on, go! Go!
(COUGHS)
The building is coming down!
How do we stop him?
It's working.
(MACHINE POWERING DOWN)
We did it.
You did it.
Oh, it's okay,
I've got you.
You're gonna be okay.
KARA: He wasn't
in control of himself.
It was like something
was in control of him.
Do you think the same thing
happened to his mother, too?
Maybe she's not
the perpetrator we thought,
but the victim.
Just like Marcus.
J'ONN J'ONZZ: Either way,
we'll need to keep him
in that cell for now.
It's equipped
with a telekinetic dampener,
which should prevent him
from having another episode.
Well, he's safe,
but his mother's
still out there.
We need to get him
to tell us where she is.
Well, our best chance at that
now is Mr. Olsen.
James.
I spent the entire day
with that kid
and all I got
was a couple of sentences.
You were right, J'onn.
This is a DEO matter.
I should not have
involved myself.
J'ONN J'ONZZ: James.
Look, I know
what I said earlier on,
but we could really
use your help here.
It has to be you.
Why?
Because I'm black?
You look the same
as he does too.
-Why don't you talk to him?
-It's more than that.
He sees something in you.
I brought him to CatCo
and I risked
everybody's safety.
Supergirl had to come
save everybody.
Me, him...
She kept everybody safe
and I had no idea what to do.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
You know,
I remember that feeling.
On Mars, we were encouraged
to decide our line of work
when we were very young.
Everyone had no problem
pinpointing their futures.
I didn't know
what I wanted to do.
I was just waiting for a sign.
Did you find one?
My first daughter.
When she came along,
I finally realized
I had a mission in life.
I had someone
who relied on me.
Having her gave me direction.
Protecting her
made me realize
I had a gift
for keeping people safe.
So I, um... I joined
the law enforcement on Mars.
I became
the Martian Manhunter.
And you think
me talking to Marcus
would give me
that kind of purpose?
I saw a reflection
of myself in my daughter.
I think you already
see a reflection
of yourself in him.
You want to find out
what kind of hero you can be?
Right here
is a great place to start.
We've been searching the city
for signs of another attack,
nothing yet.
Have you two found anything?
We looked into
the Phorian's physiology.
Turns out that a major shift
in atmospheric energy
can cause a change
in their mental state.
But what causes
a shift like that?
Okay. So, this measures
electromagnetic activity
around the city.
There was a large spike
around the time of the first
fight on the street yesterday.
And let me guess,
another spike during
the attack on CatCo today?
WINN:
Hey, good guess.
But that spike was about
five times the size.
Have we determined
what caused the spike?
Yes. High levels of polyatomic
anions released
in the atmosphere.
Wait. I... I saw Lena.
She said she's working
on a new project.
She mentioned those anions.
That can't be
a coincidence, can it?
Definitely not.
I'm gonna call Lena.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Hello, Supergirl.
Rhea?
You sound surprised.
-Trace the call.
-If you've done
anything to Lena...
You'll what,
lecture me?
We will find you.
You have no idea where I am
or what I'm doing.
How does it feel
to be powerless?
If this is about Mon-El,
you have to come to terms
with the fact that
he chose to stay here.
No, he made a choice
to come home,
to be king to his people.
And we would
have been happy to go,
but you were too selfish
to allow that.
What's she saying?
-(SPEAKERPHONE BEEPS)
-Everything I do,
I do for my people.
Everything you do for yours
is to bolster
your broken ego.
You need this planet
to worship you,
the last daughter
of a failed world,
because otherwise,
your survival means nothing.
You're delusional.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY) No.
On the contrary,
I see everything clearly.
I came here in peace,
which you refused.
And all of the ugliness
that's transpired
is because of your
righteousness, Kara Zor-El.
Everything that happens
from now on is your doing.
Every city that burns,
every nation that falls,
for every child of Earth
that cries out,
"Why is this happening?"
The answer is Supergirl.
Kara has done nothing. Okay?
This is all you!
Oh, of course
you're there with her.
The Kryptonian girl
who bewitched you.
Mother, you're...
You're mad at me here, okay?
Don't... Don't take it
out on this planet.
You are better than this.
Anger has nothing to do
with what I'm doing.
Then why?
Why are you still here?
I'm here to
wake you up, Mon-El.
Did you manage
to trace the call?
No. There was too much
electromagnetic interference.
(SIGHS)
-Was that my phone?
-Yeah.
Telemarketer.
Hey, Marcus.
Look, I know that
you didn't mean
to attack everybody
the way that you did before.
Okay?
And neither did your mom.
Look, all I'm trying to do
is make sure
that everybody who saw
her picture on the news
knows that's not
the real her, right?
Every planet we go to,
they make us go away.
What do you mean?
They always try to hurt us.
They think we're bad.
I thought it would be
different here.
I liked it here.
When I was a kid,
I used to get bullied.
See, I went to a school
where there weren't a lot of
people who looked like me.
And then when my dad died,
it just got a lot worse.
See, he was...
He was my guardian.
He was the guy
that made me feel safe.
So, after he was gone,
I just...
I put up this wall.
And I didn't let anybody in.
Until I moved to Metropolis,
and then I made a new friend.
And this guy
was different, too.
And I didn't realize
how different he was.
I just knew that
he understood something
that most people didn't.
And because of that,
I trusted him.
And eventually,
I let him in.
Do you know
what happened?
That wall came down.
You see, Marcus,
sometimes you
can meet somebody
and they can become
your friend.
And by trusting them,
everything in your life
can change.
I can see her.
My mom.
Can you?
But I don't know
where she is.
It's somewhere
I've never seen before.
Can you take me to her?
You'll protect her?
I will protect you both.
I promise.
Okay, we're now monitoring
all electromagnetic activity
within the region.
If anyone powers up
this device,
we're gonna know
exactly where they are.
Good.
Then we can strike.
Marcus knows where his mom is,
but he's gotta take us to her.
I'm afraid I can't
let him out of here.
Mon-El's mother created
some sort of device
with Lena Luthor.
She could set it off
at any moment.
It's just not safe for Marcus
outside of containment.
But his mom
is still out there.
I could...
I could go with them.
I have a mobile version
of that telekinetic dampener.
It should have
plenty of juice
to keep Marcus and his mom
from going all Carrie.
I'm sorry, guys.
It's too risky.
J'onn, you said that
you found your mission
with your daughter.
This is mine.
Be safe, James.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Marcus, be careful.
Mom?
Marcus?
Mom!
-Marcus.
-Mom.
No, no, Mom.
These are my friends.
They helped me find you.
Thank you.
Look, we know that you did not
attack the square on purpose.
-It's okay. You're safe now.
-How?
This bad boy
is gonna protect you.
-All of us?
-All of...
Tomorrow we could begin
the material trials.
I keep forgetting
that success means
that you're leaving.
Working with you
has meant so much to me.
Me too.
Whatever happens next,
I want you to remember
never to doubt yourself again.
You are a marvel, Lena.
Any mother should be proud
to call you daughter.
Wait. Wait...
What are you...
What are you doing?
We got something!
A huge release of anions.
-Where?
-San Isidro Valley.
You got
a satellite image
for that?
-(RHYTHMIC BEEPING)
-MON-EL: What is that?
-Let's go.
-Right on.
My mother...
I know this is
going to be hard.
-You don't
have to do this.
-No, I have to.
I just... I need to
grab something first.
(METAL CLANKS)
(MACHINE POWERING UP)
-(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
-(BANG)
Marcus?
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
I don't think
it's working, Winn.
-(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
-Argh!
There's too many
of them.
This isn't working.
What's wrong with it?
It's made for two, not 12!
We gotta get out of here.
This much telekinetic energy
between these Phorians...
The entire city is in danger.
I am not leaving him.
Well, what do you wanna do?
Well, they're linked
telepathically, right?
Yeah.
So, if I break through to him,
maybe he can
break through to them.
Okay, go.
Why won't it shut down?
-What did you do?
-RHEA: What I had to do.
For my people.
I want you to know
the affection I have
for you is real.
-(CRASH)
-(J'ONN J'ONZZ GROANS)
Turn it off!
I can't.
J'ONN J'ONZZ:
Why won't it turn off?
I don't know,
she must've made it
self-sustaining somehow.
What did you do, Mother?
-(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
-Marcus.
I need you
to look at me.
I told you I would
keep you and your mother safe
and I am not
breaking that promise.
You're bringing
something here.
What?
You'll see.
(GRUNTS)
-(THUDS)
-RHEA: Argh!
(CLATTERING)
(THUD)
Marcus,
I need you to hear me.
I need you to let me in
like you would
let a real friend in.
James, it's not working.
We have to get out of here.
I'm not leaving them!
(CRASH)
You don't mess with my family.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
What is that?
A White Martian gave me this.
What are you doing?
The White Martians
developed this technology
in order to keep the Greens
under their control.
It traps a Martian
in his own mind.
A never-ending
nightmare.
Pretty savvy if you ask me.
-(THUD)
-J'onn!
J'onn!
You've learned
a lot of things
about this world, Mother.
I've had to.
And did you learn
that we're not
bulletproof here?
Whoa.
James!
You just have to
look inside of yourself
and see the strength
and the courage
that I see in you.
You're not alone.
You are not alone!
JAMES: Hey.
That is a hero without a suit.
Put the gun down, Mon-El.
You don't want to hurt me...
Shut up!
The Kryptonian girl was right.
You are a hero of Earth.
But would a hero
kill his own mother?
When you were a boy
and I would put you
to sleep at night,
you used to say to me
that you would
always love me.
And even though
you've turned
your back on me,
I know you love me.
Where's Father?
Where is my father?
Your father was so hurt
when you abandoned us
that he
took his own life.
No.
Mon-El, you are not
going to kill me.
Whatever you think of me,
I'm still your mother.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
We were not the only people
to escape the destruction
of our planet.
Thousands of
Daxamites survived.
Hundreds of ships
spread across the galaxy.
They just needed
a way to get here.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
-Agent Danvers...
-Yeah.
We have
multiple bogies heading
into National City.
-How many?
-Twenty-five,
No, 50, 100...
Maybe more.
What's happening?
Welcome
to New Daxam.
(WHOOSHING)